************************************************************
*                                                          *
*      The COMPUTER MODERN BRIGHT family of fonts          *
*                                                          *
*   fonts:       v1.0g  2002-05-25                         *
*   cmbright.sty v7.1   2000-06-30                         *
*   fd files     v7.3   1999-05-12                         *
*                                                          *
*   There will be no more *basic* changes to the fonts.    *
*   Extensions and bug fixes, however, may be expected.    *
*                                                          *
************************************************************
                                              Walter Schmidt 
                                             <was@VR-Web.de>


`Computer Modern Bright' is a family of sans serif fonts for
TeX and LaTeX, based on Donald Knuth's CM fonts.  It
comprises OT1, T1 and TS1 encoded text fonts of various
shapes as well as all the fonts necessary for mathematical
typesetting, incl. the AMS symbols.

This distribution includes

* the fonts in the Metafont format in the directory ./mf,

* the font metrics in the directory ./tfm,

* the DTX sources of the LaTeX macro package cmbright.sty
  and the related font definition files in the directory
  ./latex.

The CM Bright fonts are available in the Type1 format, too.
See <http://www.micropress-inc.com/fonts/brmath/brmain.htm>.

As to the license conditions for the fonts, see the file 
`copyrite.txt' in the subdirectory ./mf.

As to the license conditions for the macro package and the 
.fd files, see the notice in the files cmbright.dtx and 
cmbr.fdd.



Installing the fonts in MF format
=================================
Skip this section, if you intend to use the CM Bright fonts
in Type1 format only!

Copy the files from the subdirectory ./mf of this collection
to a directory searched by the Metafont program.  In a TDS
compliant file system the suitable place might be:

      texmf/fonts/source/public/cmbright 

You will need the source files of Knuth's original CM fonts,
of the original (roman) AMS fonts, and of J. Knappen's EC
fonts, too, in order to generate the bitmaps.



Installing the font metrics and the LaTeX interface files
=========================================================
Copy the files from the subdirectory ./tfm of this collection
to a directory where TeX looks for the font metrics.  In a
TDS compliant file system the suitable place might be:

     texmf/fonts/tfm/public/cmbright 

Copy the files from the directory ./latex of this collection
to a place where you keep documented LaTeX sources or to a
temporary directory.  Execute the installation script 
cmbright.ins by running it through LaTeX in this directory 
than; this will generate the file cmbright.sty and various
.fd files.

Move these files to a directory where you keep LaTeX's style
files; in a TDS compliant files system the suitable place 
is:
    
    texmf/tex/latex/cmbright 

The latter step is not required if your "docstrip" program
has been configured to write directly to the TeX directories
and the directory tex/latex/cmbright exists in your TDS tree
before unpacking the files.



Using the fonts with LaTeX
==========================
See the documentation, which is obtained by running the file
cmbright.dtx through LaTeX.



Future changes
==============
Minor changes and/or bug fixes to the T1/TS1 fonts are still
to be expected.

All future changes, bug fixes and additions to the 
`official' EC fonts will be adopted, if appropriate.



History
=======
*** 2002-05-25 ***

    Fixed tbsymb.mf and all TFM's of the TC Bright fonts,
    which had wong \fontdimen's; notice that the the font 
    shapes are unchanged!
    Documentation (cmbright.dtx) cleaned up.
    
*** 2002-05-11 ***

    fixed cmbr8.tfm cmbr9.tfm cmbrmb10.tfm cmbrmi8.tfm
    cmbrmi9.tfm cmbrsl8.tfm cmbrsl9.tfm;
    TFMs are no longer mentioned in manifest.txt

*** 2000-06-30 ***

    cmbright v7.1:  Bug fix.  Loading amsfonts.sty with the
    option [psamsfonts] would use the `roman' AMS fonts instead
    of the `Bright' ones.
    Improved documentation.
    
*** 2000-02-09 ***

   fonts v1.0f: Fixed all Euro symbols.
    
*** 1999-05-12 ***

   documentation revisited and reorganized
   
*** 1999-03-28 ***

   cmbright.sty v6.9:  new option [slantedGreek];
   
*** 1998-12-11 ***

   cmbright.sty v6.7:  Fixed the math font setup, so that
   \mathbold acts on lowercase greek, too.
   fonts v1.0e: improved Euro symbol (the metrics remain
   unchanged!)
   
*** 1998-02-02 ***

   fd files v7.3: font sizes 29.86 and 35.83 pt suppported

*** 1998-01-19 ***

   Fixed cmbright.ins to prevent problems with Unix (teTeX):
   Do not generate uppercase filenames automatically.
   cmbright.ins now TDS-enabled.  
   Added oinst.ins for LaTeX  < Dec.1996.

*** 1997-09-11 ***

   cmbright.sty v6.6: added \relax after \ProcessOptions,
   removed spurious spaces in font definitions

   fd files v7.2: forced \hyphenchar\font45 in OT1 fonts,
   removed spurious spaces in font definitions

   included the new installation script, which was
   erroneously lacking in the previous distribution :-(
   
*** 1997-06-03 ***

   fixed a bug in the installation script:  the fd files are
   now generated with mixed-case names if necessary (i.e.
   when running an obsolete LaTeX release on Unix)

   fonts, v1.0d: corrected height of arithmetic symbols in
   T1/TS1 fonts;

*** 1997-05-26 *** 

   Fonts, v1.0c:  changed lowercase hachek accent in order
   to avoid METAFONT errors occurring with certain MF modes;
   fixed `root' symbol and big circles in TS1 fonts;
   corrected rule_width# in semibold fonts, which had been
   larger than it is in the bx fonts;

*** 1997/05/22 ***

   fd files v7.0: lowercase filenames

   fonts v1.0b:  br17pt.mf fixed (o#, apex_o#)

   cmbright.sty v6.4:  minor fixes

   enhanced documentation

*** 1996/11/20 ***

   Documentation update only,  e-mail address added.

*** 1996/07/02 ***

   cmbright.sty, v6.2:  The code for selecting font size and
   \baselineskip has been basically changed.  The default
   font sizes defined in the class file will no longer be
   changed.  The size macros like \normalsize will no longer
   be redefined.  Same font sizes will always get the same
   leading:
  
   size    \baselineskip
    8pt    10.00pt
    9pt    11.25pt
   10pt    12.50pt
   11pt    13.70pt
   12pt    15.00pt

   A new option [standard-baselineskips] enables you to
   suppress the enlarged \baseselineskip values.

   The commands \textregistered, \pounds, \textsterling and
   \mathsterling have been made working; they will use the
   roman text font.

   font definition files, v6.0:  In all .fd files octal
   numbers have been changed to decimal ones, in order to
   avoid conflicts with possibly active quote characters.

   fonts, v1.0:  erroneous comments fixed

*** 1996/05/02 ***

   fonts:                    version 1.0
   font definition files:            5.0
   LaTeX package `cmbright':         5.0

   The first `final' release, including the AMS fonts.


%% finis
