$Id: README,v 3.6 2006/11/09 21:55:06 lehman stable $

ABOUT

This package provides advanced facilities for inline and display
quotations. It is designed for a wide range of tasks ranging from
the most simple applications to the more complex demands of formal
quotations. The facilities include commands, environments, and
user-definable `smart quotes' which dynamically adjust to their
context. Quotation marks are switched automatically if quotations
are nested and they can be adjusted to the current language. There
are additional facilities designed to cope with the more specific
demands of academic writing, especially in the humanities and the
social sciences. All quote styles as well as the optional active
quotes are freely configurable.

LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2003--2006 Philipp Lehman, author-maintained.
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this
software under the terms of the LaTeX Project Public License (LPPL),
version 1.3.

This software is provided `as is', without warranty of any kind,
either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the
implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular
purpose.

INSTALLATION

Copy csquotes.sty and csquotes.cfg to a directory that is searched
for LaTeX input files. Don't forget to update the file hash tables
after installing the files. Please see the following TeX FAQ answers
for details:

http://www.tex.ac.uk/cgi-bin/texfaq2html?label=instpackages
http://www.tex.ac.uk/cgi-bin/texfaq2html?label=wherefiles
http://www.tex.ac.uk/cgi-bin/texfaq2html?label=tds

USAGE

Refer to csquotes.pdf for a systematic reference manual and to
tutorial.tex for a hands-on tutorial including practical examples.

CHANGES

A list of changes relevant to users of this package is included at
the end of csquotes.pdf. Skimming the respective section of the
manual is highly recommended.

MANIFEST

csquotes.sty
csquotes.cfg
csquotes.pdf
tutorial.tex
README
